Pset_LateralExcavationCommon (#569)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/r/RadialExcavationDirection_0PWybQDsb7VuLXarptQq0N/Documentation.md

> Direction of radial excavation from main tunnel drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direction of radial excavation relative to the main tunnel drive.
```
